So before we start working with the CCS I want to show you how you can change this section on the bottom.
So for example if you don't simple show books again scroll to the bottom you can see that we have our
whole group here that CES all from former.
And we have the stuff from Krait and on the board.
We have started from after for what are going to use after Forder to this play.
They're design like this.
You can see that we have this color and again it's expanding to take all the content or all the width
in the window.
So for some going up and the functions of the HP and you're going to have to remove the food combers
for and create a new one so we're going to either function that are us back food for if we're going
to add action in what are going to hook these into neat doing what are going up as these one and we're
going to remove action and we're going to remove from a storefront for it.
If you remember that's the hook that we saw previously did we have a styrofoam folder.
And we went to remove this great.
So what.
And then we have this story from Craig.
We're going to run this at 20 so save these riddles.
Now you can see that we remove that section and I want to add this into the from after that.
So here I am another new action or action and it's going to be a storefront after Forder For example
here we cannot Caterina's new food text something like that of course.
And then you can as a new priority.
We need to write these functions.
Why don't I try here.
Function
and from here on Gonna I'm going to add some BHB ickle deep class and we're going to celebrate but this
is going to be the Veep and we're going to use this glass to type this content.
Clothes are.
And here we're going to take home.
And if they get a kick in the sand we have these decks our Treasury set Why don't I use or writes We
Serap and then we're going to use an entity copy for the copyright symbol that we have here.
And then we can have that get blocked Imphal we can use one of the variables that comes in wordpress
we can pass the name in the name of that Web site.
Then we add some MySpace and then we concatenate the value and then we went to print.
There's the date.
In this case we went to bring the year and we can make this dynamically taking the value from the cerebellar
if we can get the date and pass the Y in uppercase to display the current year.
So save these and reload to the bottom.
And now you can see I'm going to stop showing Hooke's.
Now you can see that we have all right you said guardedness back on store 2007.
So that's looking nice.
And in the next video I'm going to show you how to style these.
And this is looking great in my opinion.